Sister-in-law, what will you do if I leave? It doesn't matter.
As soon as he comes back
Remove that arm again
That's good.
Ye Xian, I especially admire you
You are more reliable than your scum brother
So you can be my bodyguard
I'll pay you 10,000 yuan a month
How about just paying off your brother's debt?
Really? Wait a minute, Liu Mingshang
Don't forget that Ye Xin not only owes you money
Also borrowed my money
He guarantees you
Then what should I do?
Ye Xin, the contestant you just recruited was really good
Because you can live stream it for me.
Must be able to partner
often sister
Everything has to be on a first-come, first-served basis
Besides, can you give Mr. Ye
You are not as fit as me
We're on par in terms of looks, right?
I beat you too much
Who knows if you are a dragon?
I am all natural
Ye Xian, do it with me
I will definitely not treat you badly. No, you and me
You and me Ye Xian, I and him, who do you choose?